docs: markdown link of Ethereum account (#858)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Accounts/approach.adoc

In Starknet, similar to Ethereum, every contract has a nonce. This nonce is sequential; when a transaction is sent from an account, its nonce must match the account's nonce and it's incremented after the transaction is executed (whether or not it was reverted).

> Note that, in Starknet, only the nonce of account contracts (that is, those adhering to the above structure) can be non-zero. This differs from Ethereum, where regular smart contracts ( called https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/accounts/["Contract Accounts", as opposed to "Externally Owned Accounts"] ) can increment their nonce by deploying smart contracts, i.e. executing the CREATE and CREATE2 opcodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, in Starknet, only the nonce of account contracts (that is, those adhering to the above structure) can be non-zero. This differs from Ethereum, where regular smart contracts ( called https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/accounts/[_Contract Accounts_, as opposed to _Externally Owned Accounts_] ) can increment their nonce by deploying smart contracts, that is, executing the `CREATE` and `CREATE2` opcodes.
```

> Note that, in Starknet, only the nonce of account contracts (that is, those adhering to the above structure) can be non-zero. This differs from Ethereum, where regular smart contracts ( called https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/accounts/[_Contract Accounts_, as opposed to _Externally Owned Accounts_] ) can increment their nonce by deploying smart contracts, that is, executing the `CREATE` and `CREATE2` opcodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
In Starknet, only the nonce of account contracts, that is, those adhering to the above structure, can be non-zero. 

In contrast, in Ethereum, regular smart contracts, known as _Contract Accounts_, as opposed to _Externally Owned Accounts_ can increment their nonce by deploying smart contracts, that is, executing the `CREATE` and `CREATE2` opcodes. 

For more information on accounts in Ethereum, see link:https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/accounts/[Ethereum Accounts] in the Ethereum documentation.
====
```
